
# Seek Love
## The exhibition Seek Love invites viewers to revisit the connection between design and love. Rachel Lapidot and Sagui Mamane, industrial designers and life partners, present objects that go far beyond functional furniture – they are insinuations to the quest for meaning and feeling, embedded in the material. Their works investigate how love manifests in the interplay between functionality and conceptuality, between fluid forms and clean lines, and between individuals and the spaces they inhabit.
Can objects evoke emotions, bridge between the material and emotional realms, or even teach us how to love? The pieces on display encourage contemplation the role of objects in our environment and explore how material transforms into an active interlocutor – not merely as a medium but as an emotional language embodied in design/objects.
Rachel and Sagui produce a small-scale series of objects that can also easily integrate into large scale production. Each piece is an intimate expression of their love for design, a continuous dialogue between material, form, user. Their approach blends circular economy principles with conceptual design, aiming not only to serve human needs but also to encourage a renewed reflection on the world around us.
The exhibition is set in a unique, newly transformed display space in the heart of Old Jaffa – an Ottoman-era structure carefully adapted to host the works. Displaying the works in this unique building illuminates the works and emphasizes the interaction between the practical object and its user, between the space and the heart expanding at the beauty of it.
## B03.png 
